Use `region` field as comma-delimited node selector for k8s (#657)
iterative/terraform-provider-iterative: docs/resources/task.md

### Optional

> - `region` - (Optional) [Cloud region/zone](#cloud-region) to run the task on, or node selector labels for kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `region` - (Optional) [Cloud region/zone](#cloud-region) to run the task on, or node selector labels for Kubernetes.
```

### Kubernetes

> For kubernetes, the `region` attribute can be used to set the `nodeSelector` field of the job spec. The value of `region` should be a comma-delimited list of `key=value` nodel label pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes, the `region` attribute can be used to set the [`nodeSelector`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector) field of the job specification. The value of `region` should be a comma-delimited list of `key=value` nodel label pairs.
```
